Web Application Enumeration
It is important to identify the components
that make up a web application
before attempting to blindly exploit it.
Many web application vulnerabilities
are technology-agnostic.
However, some exploits and payloads
need to be crafted based on the
technological underpinnings
of the application,
such as the database software
or operating system.
Before launching any attacks
on a web application,
we should attempt to discover
the technology stack in use,
which generally consists of
the following components:
Programming language and frameworks,
Web server software,
Database software,
and Server operating system
There are several techniques that we can
use to gather this information directly
from the browser.
Most modern browsers
include developer tools
that can assist in the
enumeration process.
We will be focusing on
Firefox since it is the default
browser in Kali Linux
but most browsers include
similar developer tools.